contributions.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: My Open Source Contributions
permalink: /contributions/
---

<!--
The first column, Contribution, must be a hyperlink to the actual contribution,
such as the Wikipedia edit or pull request, etc., with a suitable name.
Type of the contribution should be "Wikipedia edit", "OpenStreet Map feature",
"Project Documentation", "Project Code", "Blog Edit", etc.

The Description should include a brief summary of what you did.

Replace the first row below with your contribution and add new ones below it
following the same syntax.

-->





| Week #       | Contribution (Link)  | Type  | Description |
|---|:---|:---|:---|
|  2   | [Updated the name and fixed the address for the selected region](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81063467)    | openstreetmap|When looking through my old neighborhood I realized that a store that had been in that location was not included in the map and the address for the building was the address for a building across the street. By scrolling through the official website for the store chain I was able to find the official address for that given store and include the name of the autoparts store.|
|  2   | [Added a clinic](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81131767)    | openstreetmap| Added a clinic that had recently opened in the neighborhood near my old high school. The address at the selected location had two addresses so I went to the official website for this clinic and used the address provided. |
|  2   | [added supermarket](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81132625) | openstreetmap| Added a supermarket included its hours and number from their official website |
|  3  | Corrected some grammatical errors | GitHub| Went through a peer's blog and fixed a few grammatical errors | 
|     |     |     |      |
|     |     |     |      |

Commit message:

added new contribution and added link to week3 contribution

contributions.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: My Open Source Contributions
permalink: /contributions/
---

<!--
The first column, Contribution, must be a hyperlink to the actual contribution,
such as the Wikipedia edit or pull request, etc., with a suitable name.
Type of the contribution should be "Wikipedia edit", "OpenStreet Map feature",
"Project Documentation", "Project Code", "Blog Edit", etc.

The Description should include a brief summary of what you did.

Replace the first row below with your contribution and add new ones below it
following the same syntax.

-->





| Week #       | Contribution (Link)  | Type  | Description |
|---|:---|:---|:---|
|  2   | [Updated the name and fixed the address for the selected region](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81063467)    | openstreetmap|When looking through my old neighborhood I realized that a store that had been in that location was not included in the map and the address for the building was the address for a building across the street. By scrolling through the official website for the store chain I was able to find the official address for that given store and include the name of the autoparts store.|
|  2   | [Added a clinic](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81131767)    | openstreetmap| Added a clinic that had recently opened in the neighborhood near my old high school. The address at the selected location had two addresses so I went to the official website for this clinic and used the address provided. |
|  2   | [added supermarket](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81132625) | openstreetmap| Added a supermarket included its hours and number from their official website |
|  3  | [Corrected some grammatical errors](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/cchloet-weekly/pull/5) | GitHub| Went through a peer's blog and fixed a few grammatical errors | 
|     |     |     |      |
|  6  | [Added Laundromat](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/82032924)    | openstreetmap| I added a well known laudromat to the map. I also included the hours, however since this laundromat is owned by an older Korean couple there isn't much information to include other than the name of the location and the hours its open.|
|     |     |     |      |
