---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---
### Working in Open Source  
**Benefits of contributing to Open Source projects** 
  
Two of the ways that I would like to contribute to an Open Source Project are to help find bugs and to translate code to other languages. Currently I would prefer for the coding projects to be in C++ as that is the language that I am the most comfortable with. I'd only want to find bugs and translate because I have never contributed to an Open Source project before, so I feel like these two actions would allow me to slowly get used to contributing to someone else’s project. It would also help me gain confidence as I gradually attempt to contribute in bigger and better ways.

Working in Open Source provides various benefits. For me personally, it would allow me to further improve my communication skills, as I would have to work with various people, possibly from different parts of the world, which requires exceptional communication skills. Furthermore, participating in Open Source projects would allow me to pick up new skills as I would be able to read more and different code. Open Source projects have contributors with different skill levels and there are always opportunities to learn from others, whether it be something I forgot because I don’t use it often, or a new form of code that I haven’t seen before. Not to mention, participating in Open Source projects allow me to improve my coding skills through seeing other people’s code and allowing me to code on a regular basis.

In the long run, participating in Open Source projects benefit both my career and personal network. Not only would I have the opportunity to interact with new people repeatedly, but I would also have the opportunity to build new friendships and possibly start my own personal project with some of these people. On a professional level, I will be able to include a few of these projects in my portfolio to show to future employers and incorporate the skills I picked up along the way into my new job.