---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

### Project Updates
---
Since last week, I believe we have made a lot of progress. Earlier this week, we opened a pull request but we ended up failing the backend tests. We couldn’t figure out what was going on for a few days since we didn’t know how to fix the backend tests we were failing. After failing the tests, we also realized that the formatting of our pull request was not done properly. So while I was looking through the project files, Gillian and Christina fixed the formatting.  In the days following, we still couldn’t figure out the backend issues we were having.
###### 4/24/2020
On Friday, we sat down once again to try to figure out what to do. With the help of one of the core contributors, we got the
backend issues resolved. The reason for us failing the backend issues was due to a miscommunication amongst ourselves. We all
had thought that someone within the group had fetched the data from the [Zulip repository](https://github.com/zulip/zulip)
when in reality none of us had. After fetching from the repository, we did a pull request. While this time we passed more tests, unfortunately we did not pass them all.  After we failed these tests, I decided to run tests on my local machine. Originally the tests were ran by Gillian on her machine but those tests were ran before we fetched from the repository. We hadn’t ran the tests again on our local machines because we hadn’t made any changes to the files we were working on so we didn’t think to test the files again. This time when I ran the tests on the most updated version, I found some problems. The file we were modifying was an **hbs** file and it appeared to be space/indent sensitive. Running the command ***./tools/lint —fix*** allowed us to automatically fix the problems.  

After no issues were found, I decided to push to the [hunter-zulip repository](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/zulip). Zulip has very [specific commands](https://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/git/pull-requests.html#work-in-progress-pull-requests) they want followed. While I thought I had followed the instructions correctly, I apparently did something wrong but we didn’t realize it at the time. I pushed to the Hunter repository and the tests ran again. This time we passed all the tests and the pull request was closed. What we didn’t realized was I had rebased and cleared our files so all the tests passed but that was only because nothing was really being tested. Unfortunately, the pull request had been automatically closed and core contributor Tim Abbot told us we had to open another pull request with the fixed files.

###### 4/25/2020
After what happened on Friday, I was a bit hesitant to be the one to push to the hunter repository. Christina recovered our 
files and I was asked to fix the issues on the files again. I fetched all the data and fixed the files that had been reverted
to an earlier version from this week. Since I didn’t want to mess up the rebasing and pushing again I decided to make a copy
of the files and send them to Christina to rebase and push on her machine. A new pull request was made and all the tests
[passed](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/pull/14755).


### Vicky Brasseur
---
Obviously by now we know that all the speakers we have heard from bring amazing information for us to learn. But out of all of the speakers, I feel Brasseur stood out the most. Brasseur appears to have a very strong personality and is straight forward. This is something I haven’t seen from many women I have had the chance to interact with that also work in the tech industry. By far she is my favorite speaker because she just says what she wants to say even if she’s cursing left and right.  

### U.S. Government's portal to open source projects
---
I actually wasn’t aware that the U.S federal government ran a [platform that shares open source in America](https://code.gov/#!/). While going through the open [tasks](https://code.gov/open-tasks), I realized that a lot of the issues that were available were fairly old. I chose to look at [issue 87](https://github.com/GSA/code-gov-front-end/issues/87)  just because it appeared to be a pretty simple task. However, while I was looking at it I realized the issue had been there since 2018 and it wasn’t worked on until mid 2019 and again 1 month ago.  When looking at the [repository](https://github.com/GSA/code-gov-front-end/issues) for this issue, I also noticed that not a lot of activity has occurred. I went back to the available tasks and chose a [different](https://github.com/GSA/code-gov-api/issues/198) open task that looked fun and interesting. I also looked at the [repository](https://github.com/GSA/code-gov-api)  for this issue and again I found that have been opened and not worked on for an extended period of time. While the government initiative to help agencies save money and promote code reuse is marvelous, based on what I’ve seen on these two repositories there doesn’t appear to be a lot of activity. Still there are other repositories available under the [U.S General Services Administration](https://github.com/GSA)  such as [sam-design-system](https://github.com/GSA/sam-design-system)  or [Challenge_gov](https://github.com/GSA/Challenge_gov) that have recent activity but don’t have a lot of available issues.

### Open source projects that help track Cover-19
---
The [2019 Novel Coronavirus COVID-19 (2019-nCoV) Data Repository by Johns Hopkins CSSE](https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19) provides data information for the Coronavirus visual dashboard. This repository has no code which makes it possible for anyone to contribute to. Since the general public has the ability to contribute to this project, if I make time this would be a project I could contribute to. This repository is also very active with many issues available. Since there is no code, all the issues can be solved by looking up information on credible sites.
