---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

### Why to Report Bugs 
---
After reading [Why to Report Bugs](https://pointersgonewild.com/2019/11/02/they-might-never-tell-you-its-broken/), I completely agreed with the writer. Reporting bugs is a very useful way to improve open source projects. Everyone works on different systems whether it is IOS, Windows or Linux to name a few, and they will all have a different experience when it comes to installing and running a program if there is a bug. This article also made me conscious of the fact that I fall within the group of people who always believe a bug has already been reported or that the reason why a program isn’t working is because I did something wrong. I never really stopped to think that maybe I didn’t do something wrong and that instead the issue I am facing is caused by a bug. I also never thought that perhaps reporting a bug would make a difference, but it actually does. Without reporting bugs, how else are the people working on projects supposed to know about issues in their programs without them having to constantly reinstall their software from scratch.  

### Wikipedia Edits 
---
This week we edited [Wikipedia](https://www.wikipedia.org/) pages and it was a lot harder than I thought it would be. My original game plan was to contribute to the Wikipedia pages of a couple of bands and to a math proofs wikipedia page. However, when I started looking through wikipedia pages thoroughly I started to become overwhelmed by all the information that was already on these pages. It began to feel as if I didn’t have any information to add to any of these pages. Eventually I found the [random article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Random) button and began to look at random articles hoping to find something to contribute to. Unfortunately while I didn’t find a random article to contribute to, I did remember a program I had participated in when in high school. In high school, I participated in the [American-Israel Friendship League](https://aifl.org/), which is an organization that gives high school students the opportunity to build friendships with Israeli students through an exchange program. When I looked up their Wikipedia page, I realized that their page didn’t have much information. Since none of their many programs were included in their Wikipedia page, I used their official website in order to add information to their [wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/America%E2%80%93Israel_Friendship_League). I later found the website of an [independent musician](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SayWeCanFly),  and decided to use his social media and official pages in order to add information on their wikipedia page. As I try to edit more Wikipedia pages, I might face the same struggle again but I’m hoping to use programs I have participated in or other stuff I have experience in in order to contribute to other pages. 

### Project Update
---
As we were discussing how to solve our issue, we decided to post on the Zulip server before we started coding a solution for our issue. Gillian decided to post some questions some of which included:   
* Would it be more beneficial to automatically start a reply when a message is clicked anywhere, instead of using the navigation box?
* In the case for which you are the author of the previous message, would it be more beneficial to automatically open the editing mode instead of quoting a reply?  

One of the core contributors got back to us and decided that the issue that we chose was not an ideal one for us to start off with. Even though the issue was labeled “good first issue”, the issue appeared to be partially solved and was pretty old. The core contributor wanted us instead to go and look for issues that are not labeled “good first issue”, since these may be more recent and better for us to work on. The last time we went through the issues to choose one, it was pretty hard as there weren’t that many “good first issue” labeled issues available or some issues didn't catch out interest. This time it might be a bit easier, since we now know that we can look through issues that are not labeled “good first issue” and still be able to work on them. 

**March 29 2020 at 11:00pm**   
We just chose a new [issue](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/14377). The issue states that the enumerated version of emojis are not resulting in the proper behavior when clicked on or when hitting enter. We will probably contact someone on the Zulip server after some group discussion and see what can be done to solve the issue. 

### Kevin Fleming 
---
Prior to Kevin Fleming’s presentation I didn’t really know what went on at Bloomberg. The night prior to his presentation I watched Fleming’s presentation about [licenses](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJIi-hIlCQM&feature=youtu.be) and I found that almost everything he talked about we had already learned in class. I still watched the entire presentation, because he was a great speaker and the different scenarios he gave really made me realize how complicated licenses can get.  

Fleming’s class presentation was overall very informative. I didn’t know Bloomberg played such an important role when it came to trading and that one day of the system being down could virtually freeze exchanges for however long the system was down. I also learned that open source is used in Bloomberg to meet demands on a larger scale. 

One thing that surprised me was during our small Q&A. Even though Fleming works at Bloomberg supporting, producing and publishing open source software, he actually doesn’t code much. I don’t know why but I thought since he was working with open source programs, I imagined he coded on a regular basis. But I guess I always forget there are many roles other than just coding when it comes to working in open source. 

### Other open source stuff
---
This week I contributed to a [peer's blog](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/chislee0708-weekly/pull/6) after I found a few minor errors in their week five blog. I also contributed to [two](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=SayWeCanFly&oldid=947470100) [different](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/JaiFlores) wikipedia pages. 

