#### Zulip project update
---  
This week has been kind of slow. Since we last submitted our pull request, one of the core contributors asked us to clean the commit history. Never having done this before Christina and I sat down and went through the guidelines on how to clean up the commit history. Since the backend fixes weren’t really important for this issue we decided to squash those commits into the commit that fixed the issue we chose. Now we are waiting for the core contributor to merge our pull request.   

 Since we completed that issue, we decided to find a new issue to work on. Since Zulip is a very active project, issues are posted and claimed very quickly. For this reason it took us about two meetings to find a new issue to settle on. The [new issue](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/14579) that we chose asks us to code a function that allows users to drag and drop images onto the interface so that the user can automatically attach them to a message. There is already a similar function for dragging and dropping files however it became incredibly difficult finding the code file where this function was located. While we were able to get an idea on how to create the function that would fix the issue, we still had no idea where to find the right file to add the function in. Aside from this issue, there isn’t much documentation on the code file so every file we opened we had to carefully inspect and understand. Christina being the designated communicator had to ask the zulip chat for help on where to find the files While we had been in the right folder, the file we needed was not one of the files we opened. Tonight we will work on adding our new function and hopefully test it this week. 

#### Tom Callaway 
---
	In his blog post Tom Callaway reflects on the models of open source. He lists a series of business models some of which include FUD and open core. I agree with some of Callaway’s observations of these different models. Companies are willing to provide some open source code and license off the same code with some additional add ons. Selling code keeps people locked in and allows companies to make profit. However, Callaway pointed out that these licensed softwares are not often improved. This due to the fact that customers are “locked in”. This is something I hadn’t realized before. Since companies are getting revenue from people locked in and dependent on their software’s functions, there is not a lot of initiative to make improvements or add more features. Open Source on the other hand needs users and because of this, improvements are constantly being made. I agree with Callaway when he states that with time open source has the potential to replace the proprietary aspects of the open core model. Open source is very valuable and provides many if not more functions than proprietary software. This is mostly due to the fact that it caters to the user and its constantly improving thanks to the help of contributors. As to whether or not I would work in an entirely open source company, I think I would. It might require more efforts just because its not making money from selling the code. 

#### Election fraud: is there an open source solution? 
 ---

I had never really realized how severely dated our voting machines were. While I have voted in the past due to the large amount of people waiting hand in their ballot, I have never taken the time to really look at the machines.  I always assumed that the government would provide some type of funding to keep the machines up to date but apparently their software is running on outdated technology and software. In my opinion it would be a good idea to develop  and use new code. Outdated software can make information vulnerable and using open source code can help change that. Not only will we be able to use updated software that fixes a lot of issues such as the issue in the Mississippi primary in 2019, but making the code open source we also have the benefit of using others to help improve the system. 
