---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### Project Activities 
---
##### 3/7/2020
I have finally gotten around to exploring our project **Zulip**. I have gone and looked through their website as if I were the 
average user just trying to explore what they have to offer. After snooping around I decided to download their app on my 
desktop to see if it differed from the website version. The installation process was fairly quick for me (I am using a Mac) 
therefore I don’t exactly know how it differs on other devices such as Windows or Linux. The only aspect of the installation 
that I am unsure about is their _“Homebrew“_ sections which requires the user to run the _“brew cask install zulip”_ command on 
their terminal. From the research I’ve done Homebrew works to download the packages that the user needs and doesn’t yet have. 
This will help the user automatically update their Zulip app. I am unsure as to whether or not not running this command will 
make a big difference (which it possibly might make a big difference).  

From exploring the _Zulip_ website I’ve found that the developers pride themselves on being an improved version of Slack. The 
developers point out the negative aspects of Slack that users have to deal with and use those points to show how they have 
fixed the issues on their platform. One of the biggest issues the Zulip developers have with Slack, is the need for users to 
scroll through a large number of messages if they were off line for an extended period of time. The developers took this issue 
and drew inspiration from other platforms, such as Gmail, to create features (like separating channel messages by topic) to 
facilitate this process. This feature allows users to _”catch up on messages and reply in context, even to conversations that 
started hours or days ago.”_. This is very interesting to me as I use Slack to communicate with an organization I am part of 
and therefore would love to really see the difference between Slack and Zulip. For this reason I would love to have our team 
communicate on this platform for the duration of this project. Since we are going to be contributing to this project, using 
the Zulip app on a regular basis will allow us to find any bugs on the app. As beginner contributors this would be a great way 
for us to start contributing. 

So far I have only really explored Zulip and seen it the way the average user would. I want to explore their GitHub repository 
fairly soon. 

##### 3/8/2020
Today I went through the repository for _Zulip_. This project contains all the documents we discussed in class such as a _license, code of conduct, contributions file and a readme file_. After reading though the files, I found that Zulip actually has issues reserved for beginner contributors. This is useful to have in a project as gives contributors a place to start and become accustomed to this new environment. Aside from contributing to code, contributors can translate files, report issues or give feedback based on evaluations of Zulip. Zulip appears to be very open to new contributors as they provide guides on how to use Git for those who don’t have much experience and they also provide help for new contributors if they encounter problems while working on the project. Zulip is a vey active project as there are issues and pull requests being opened and closed on a regular basis. Issues are labeled with tags and many of them have some type of discussion in regards to the opened issue. Overall Zulip appears to have a very friendly and welcoming environment and this is a good place to become a new contributor. 


### Open Source outside of class 
---
Recently I’ve been thinking about making an unfinished project that I have an Open Source project. Maybe if I know that other 
people are going to be able to not only see the project but potentially work on it too, it will motivate me to continue 
working on the project and improve it. I may or may not have an open source project of my own in the near future. 
