---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---
#### Project Activities 
---
**03/22/2020** 
  
 This week has been quite eventful. However, when it comes to our contribution to [Zulip](https://zulipchat.com/)  it has not 
 been as interesting. Our biggest issue for the longest time was trying to get a technical issue fixed.   As explained last 
 week, in order to contribute to Zulip, we needed to download and setup the 
 [Vagrant environment](https://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development/setup-vagrant.html) on our machines.
 While I do believe it was an easier set up for those of us using a Mac, it was a lot harder for our teammate using Windows. 
 As chronicled in 
 [their blog](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/cchloet-weekly/blob/gh-pages/_posts/2020-03-15-week07.md), our 
 teammate ran into issues such as their machine not recognizing symbolic links. As the week progressed it appeared it had 
 become even more difficult to figure out what was happening. From encountering bugs to uninstalling and reinstalling 
 applications, the environment took a while to run properly. 

In an attempt to advance the project we did a quick run down of the issue we chose. While exploring the Zulip desktop 
application I got confused as to what the issue wanted us to do. I felt like I annoyed my teammate Christina by asking really 
dumb questions in an attempt to understand the issue we were working on. After sitting there staring at my screen not 
understanding what was being explained, I finally realized I overlooked a feature of the application. I had overlooked the small 
**V** (<— its a button) that sat on the upper right corner of every message. That button, when clicked on, displayed a dropdown
menu that gave users different methods of replying to a message. This is the part that the issue was referring to. We need to find 
a way for the user to click on a message and automatically reply to another user by clicking on the message directly 
instead of the dropdown menu. Now that we have our systems running and issues understood, we are going to be making a lot more progress moving forward. 

#### Moving forward
---
This week has been life changing and really difficult for so many people. I am fortunate enough to be able to live with my 
parents and not have to face the financial difficulties that hundreds of CUNY students are going to face in the coming weeks. 
With so much mixed information I don’t know where we will be in the next few weeks (I’ll probably be running circles in my 
room as I slowly lose my mind from being indoors all day). But still, some “experts” (I don’t exactly know who’s **really** an
expert anymore) say that the epidemic is only going to get worse and hundreds more are going to be infected. In the next 4 
weeks we might still be in this same situation. When it comes to school, this course specifically, its not impossible to learn 
new material because we have access to it from home. This project on the other hand might be a little more difficult to work 
on since we can’t meet in person and my other teammates have work and their personal lives to deal with. We might not be 
able to come together to discuss different aspects of this project but we will take advantage of the times we can discuss and 
get this project done. 
