---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

### Project Evaluation  
---
 This week we did project evaluations. This entailed not only looking for the LICENSE, README.md, CONTRIBUTIONS.md, and CODE_OF_CODUCT
 files but this activity required us to dig through the repository in order to find specific information regarding the projects. Some of the 
 things that we were looking for were community interactions, code/code documentation, and the activity levels for our given project. 
 What this activity basically forced us to do is to move beyond just glancing at the project and making conclusions about it based on 
 just a handful of files, but it got us to really read file after file getting us to really get to know the project through this method.
 
 While this activity is a useful one, there are some parts of it that made completing this activity difficult. The hardest part to 
 this activity is the amount of searching and reading of the files that was required in order to find certain information.
 I find this to be the hardest part because it is the most time consuming and at times the most frustrating part when information 
 can't be found. When it comes to the project that I evaluated, while I do love the concept of Blockly, the biggest obstacle that I would face if 
 I chose to contribute to this project is that I have little to no experience using JavaScript which is their main coding language. 
 Learning a new coding language would not be an issues but in my personal opinion, I feel like I wouldn't be as useful of a 
 contributor if my coding skills for that certain language were very basic and limited.  
  
 Overall, this activity while frustrating at times, gave us a good insight into how to look and evaluate potential projects 
 based on multiple aspects found in the project's repository. 
 
 
 ### Projects interested in 
 Based on the projects that are listed in the wiki including those that were added by my peers, the three projects I would 
 be interested in are:
 * OpenStreetMap - I found myself enjoying editing OpenStreetMap therefore, I would love to contribute to this project as it 
                   can potentially become a very useful tool for the general public to use
 * [Atom](https://github.com/atom/atom) 
 * [Jupyter](https://github.com/jupyter/notebook)
 
 ### FOSS contributions outside of the classroom
 
