### Project Progress
---

Since my last update, my group decided to start looking for the project files for our issue in order to determine what we can do in order to make 
progress on the project. Shortly after opening my terminal I got a call from Christina. As she was opening the 
[Zulip](https://zulipchat.com/) work environment, she realized it had broken. Thinking that we could make progress through my 
machine I tried connecting to the work environment. I too ran into some issues. While we didn’t know what was wrong with 
Christina’s work environment, mine was just not connecting  to [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/). Never having worked 
with this software before I resorted to doing what I do best, I started clicking every button I could possibly find. Obviously 
that didn’t get me anywhere and with no explanation as to how I could possibly fix the issue, I decided to delete Zulip from 
VirtualBox. Just like before the process to set up the Zulip environment took forever which resulted in the longest phone call I had ever had with Christina.  

As time progressed and with us not seeing each other in person, my group and I started to slack off and concentrated on 
other things instead of this project. Eventually as we weren’t progressing as much as professor Weiss would’ve wanted us to,
my team and the professor had a meeting. Following the meeting we realized that if we didn’t want to work on the 
[issue](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/12769) we currently had, we would have to find another one quick since 
zulip is a very active project. While we did look for other issues, our group ultimately decided to stick the the issue we 
had. That same night of our meeting (Wednesday April 15, 2020) we solved the issue and Christina created a pull request. 
Shortly after Gillian found and claimed another [issue](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/14578) for us to work on. 

### Covid-19 activity 
---

I think what is being done in terms of research for Covid19 at Folding@Home is amazing. Computer simulations are being 
used to understand protein structures in an attempt to discover potential cures. Having many simulations available gives 
researchers the ability to better understand how Covid functions as a virus. Ultimately this can help contribute to hundreds
of lives being saved. What is even better though is that the public is able to contribute to this research by just downloading 
a program and allowing it to run in the background. This way more simulations are available for researchers to study.

### Gil Yehuda
---
Gil Yehuda is a very good and entertaining speaker. While his presentation overall was amazing there is a  part of his 
presentation that stood out to me the most. This was his advice on interviews. While many people are willing to give advice 
on how to pass interviews no one really gave the advice Yehuda gave us. He advised us to show companies that we can use their
programs and incorporate it into our work or come up with ideas of where they can improve. This is a way to show companies 
our interest and  that we can work with their software. Yehuda also brought up the topic of people distributing code they 
wrote for the company they previously worked for. We had gone over this topic in class when we were discussing licenses 
however we never discussed what type of impact such actions would make. In Yehuda’s example an ex-intern posted some she 
worked on for the company she interned for in an attempt to show her work to future employers. In doing so, confidential 
information could have been leaked that could potentially expose private information. Aside from that, future potential 
employers can ook down upon you for sharing code from other companies as they don’t want to risk having the same thing 
happen to them. These types of actions are not stuff we always think about as students as all we want to do is show others 
is our ability to make working programs. 

### Other stuff
---
Since last time, I added 3  more contributions to wikipedia including an edit to a [foreign](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seoul_Station_(film)) film. 
