---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

### What skills do I have that would be useful for contributing to a FOSS project? 
  1. **Teamwork** - When it comes to working with others, I tend to adapt and get along with others fairly well. This allows work to flow a lot smoother and quicker. I also find that a bit of humor helps people become more comfortable and open to closely working with you. This is specially useful when it comes to working in a FOSS project because in the question of figuring out code or just problem solving in general, teamwork becomes crucial to advancing the project. 
  2. **Creativity** - Speaking about problem solving, being creative is very important. Sometimes when I am stuck on a problem, especially coding problems coming up with creative and at times unconventional solutions to a problem can go a long way. At times the creative solutions may not be entirely effective but they serve as a stepping stone to a more concrete solutions. This is useful when it comes to FOSS projects because problem solving is a big aspect of these projects to get a better working system and sometimes a little creativity can get you there. 
### What things are the most interesting to me? I.e., what do I enjoy doing?
   1. As of late I've been really interested in web development. For some reason I really love the creative aspect that comes with building websites and being able to incorporate various coding languages and seeing how they all come together to build one working site. In the future this is something I would see myself doing as a hobby as a creative outlet. 
  

#### What I have done to contribute to Open Source.
  I haven't contibuted to an open source project outside of class this week. _Work in progress!!!!!!!!_.
   
