---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

### Thoughts on "Makers and Takers" by Dries Buytaert
---
This week we read "Makers and Takers" by Dries Buytaert. The part of this article that stood out to me and I agree with is Buytaert’s argument that Takers hurt Makers. Takers are companies that use Open Source projects to make money but don’t contribute to the project while Makers are those companies that make Open Source projects. When Takers use Open Source projects and don’t contribute back to the project itself, they leave the Open Source project to fend for itself while they make all the money. If Takers are going to be using Open Source projects to make money they should provide support to help the Makers continue providing their services. Makers don’t often reap the same benefits as Takers do and Buytaert believes Takers can force Makers to become Takers. Buytaert also makes a good argument about Open Source communities have to find a way to balance their users and contributors as they grow to a larger scale. Open Source needs to adapt to a new model such as managing it resources, determining a model to follow (privatization, centralization, and/or self-governance) as well create rules that provide rights, memberships and how to contribute. Although this will make Open Source project appear more like businesses, I do agree with Buytaert and this will help Open Source survive long term. 

### Zulip Project Update 
---
Since last time, we managed to add a new function to the file that we found last week. Since the file had no documentation, we had to read every function we thought was related to the issue we were working on. This file was big, so to force us to work on the code, my group decided to make a little game out of it and see who got to the answer first. This issue required us to work on a javascript file and we didn’t know javascript so we had to use our C++ knowledge to read and write the code. Fortunately for us, we were able to use the surrounding functions as examples on how to make our function work. While I was able to write a decent amount of code I wasn’t able to test my work as my zulip system stopped working while we were in the middle of our meeting. In order to not waste time, I sent my code to Christina to test for me. While my code didn’t fully work, we managed to mix both of our code to make two working functions that solved the issue.   
Solving the issue was not the end. After we pushed and opened a pull request, we failed the final test because we had to create new tests for our function. We were able to find the test files really quickly and decided to take a break and try to figure it our on our own. On Wednesday we came together to finalize the issue. Once again, this test file was in javascript so we had to look at the surrounding functions to figure out how to create our tests. I was only able to create one working test while Christina was able to figure out the second more complex test. I somehow became the designated backend tester so I quickly ran the backend tests that Zulip already provided and ran the new ones we created. We got the tests to successfully run and after pushing the updates to the [pull request](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/pull/14853) we passed all the tests. We are currently waiting to have all of our pull requests merged. 

### Other Stuff 
---
I [edited](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/MarceloDamian-weekly/pull/8) MarceloDamian's blog after finding spelling mistakes. I also modified one of his sentences to make it flow better. 
