## Project Searching 

   So far I have looked at a few open source projects and have come across projects that I have become interested in. 
   The projects that I have found are:  
   * **Atom** is an open source text editor available for MacOS, Windows, and Linux. This open source project is hosted on Github
   and has all the documents that make it an open source projects (README.md, LICENSE, CONTRIBUTING.md, CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). The 
   main reason why I am interested in this project is because I actually use atom and have been using it for most of the time I have 
   been coding. I have become very comfortable working with _atom_ and it has become my favorite text editor.For this reason,
   I would love to work on this project in order to help improve it.     
   * **pencil2D** is an open source animation software available for macOS, Windows and Linux. This open source project is also
   hosted on Githuband has all the documents that make it an open source projects (README.md, LICENSE, CONTRIBUTING.md, CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
   One of the biggest reason I chose this project was because I animate on this software in my free time. I am interested in 
   contributing to this project because 1) the project is in coded in C++ which is the language I am most comfortable with
   and 2) there are features that I use that could be improved and I would like to help do so.    
   * **cuberite** is the last open source project I really liked. This project is a game server for the Java version of 
   Minecraft. The purpose of this project is to create a server that is "_...designed to be efficient with memory and CPU_". 
   What attracted me to this project is that 1) it is coded in C++ and 2) for many people including me, Minecraft became a game 
   used to kill time and servers for this game became a big aspect of the experience. 
   
   
   #### Eliminated project
   * **Practice-Modern-JavaScript** is an open source project that I was initially interested in because it helps users practice
   Javascript. While this is an open source project (the project only has a README.md and LICENSE files) there hasn't been 
   much activity on this project in a _very long time_. I would have loved to work on this project because this project is intended
   to help users learn to code online which is how I have learned to code most of the languages I currently know. This project is a 
   good concept that I would have loved to take part in. 
